Added update scripts for Open Source (#2850)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/update_and_migration/from_4.6/update_to_5.0.md

    psql <database_name> < vendor/ibexa/installer/upgrade/db/postgresql/ibexa-4.6.latest-to-5.0.0.sql
    ```

??? note "Ibexa Open Source"

>     If you have no access to [[= product_name =]]'s `ibexa/installer` package, apply the following database update:

Reviewer: Wouldn't the following be simpler English?
```suggestion
    If you haven't access to [[= product_name =]]'s `ibexa/installer` package, apply the following database update:
```

>     If you have no access to [[= product_name =]]'s `ibexa/installer` package, apply the following database update:

Author: ```suggestion
    If you don't have access to [[= product_name =]]'s `ibexa/installer` package, apply the following database update:
```
